# Tidy data Set Description

### The variables in the tidy data
Tidy data contains 180 rows and 81 columns. Each row has averaged variables for each subject and each activity.

### The data were averaged based on subject and activity group.
Subject column is numbered sequentially from 1 to 30. ActivityId column has 6 types as listed below and SubjectId is numbered from 1 to 30 sequentially.

1. WALKING
2. WALKING_UPSTAIRS
3. WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
4. SITTING
5. STANDING
6. LAYING

All the Columns are as follow:
1. subjectId	1	factor	ID of subject
2. activityId	2	factor	Activity label
3. tBodyAcc.mean.X	3	numeric	Measurement variable
4. tBodyAcc.mean.Y	4	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAcc.mean.Z	5	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAcc.std.X	6	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAcc.std.Y	7	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAcc.std.Z	8	numeric	Measurement variable
tGravityAcc.mean.X	9	numeric	Measurement variable
tGravityAcc.mean.Y	10	numeric	Measurement variable
tGravityAcc.mean.Z	11	numeric	Measurement variable
tGravityAcc.std.X	12	numeric	Measurement variable
tGravityAcc.std.Y	13	numeric	Measurement variable
tGravityAcc.std.Z	14	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAccJerk.mean.X	15	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAccJerk.mean.Y	16	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAccJerk.mean.Z	17	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAccJerk.std.X	18	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAccJerk.std.Y	19	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAccJerk.std.Z	10	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyro.mean.X	12	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyro.mean.Y	22	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyro.mean.Z	23	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyro.std.X	24	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyro.std.Y	25	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyro.std.Z	26	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyroJerk.mean.X	27	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyroJerk.mean.Y	28	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyroJerk.mean.Z	29	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyroJerk.std.X	30	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyroJerk.std.Y	31	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyroJerk.std.Z	32	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAccMag.mean	33	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAccMag.std	34	numeric	Measurement variable
tGravityAccMag.mean	35	numeric	Measurement variable
tGravityAccMag.std	36	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAccJerkMag.mean	37	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyAccJerkMag.std	38	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyroMag.mean	39	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyroMag.std	40	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean	41	numeric	Measurement variable
tBodyGyroJerkMag.std	42	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAcc.mean.X	43	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAcc.mean.Y	44	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAcc.mean.Z	45	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAcc.std.X	46	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAcc.std.Y	47	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAcc.std.Z	48	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAcc.meanFreq.X	49	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAcc.meanFreq.Y	50	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAcc.meanFreq.Z	51	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccJerk.mean.X	52	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccJerk.mean.Y	53	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccJerk.mean.Z	54	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccJerk.std.X	55	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccJerk.std.Y	56	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccJerk.std.Z	57	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.X	58	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.Y	59	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.Z	60	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyGyro.mean.X	61	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyGyro.mean.Y	62	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyGyro.mean.Z	63	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyGyro.std.X	64	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyGyro.std.Y	65	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyGyro.std.Z	66	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyGyro.meanFreq.X	67	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyGyro.meanFreq.Y	68	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyGyro.meanFreq.Z	69	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccMag.mean	70	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccMag.std	71	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyAccMag.meanFreq	72	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean	73	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std	74	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.meanFreq	75	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean	76	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyBodyGyroMag.std	77	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyBodyGyroMag.meanFreq	78	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean	79	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std	80	numeric	Measurement variable
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.meanFreq	81	numeric	Measurement variable
